// For more info visit https://github.com/FTBTeam/FTB-Ranks/wiki

[player]
power: 1
default_player_rank: true
command: false
command.me: true
command.seed: true
command.ftbutilities.chunks.unclaim: true
command.ftbutilities.chunks.help: true
command.ftbutilities.chunks.load: true
command.ftbutilities.chunks.unclaim_all: true
command.ftbutilities.chunks.unload: true
command.ftbutilities.chunks.claim: true
command.ftbutilities.chunks.unload_all: true
command.ftbutilities.chunks.info: true
command.ftbutilities.trash_can: true
command.ftblib.team.settings: true
command.ftblib.team.list: true
command.ftblib.team.delete: true
command.ftblib.team.help: true
command.ftblib.team.kick: true
command.ftblib.team.leave: true
command.ftblib.team.transfer_ownership: true
command.ftblib.team.get: true
command.ftblib.team.create: true
command.ftblib.team.join: true
command.ftblib.team.request_invite: true
command.ftblib.team.status: true
command.ftblib.team.info: true
ftbutilities: false
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 500
ftbutilities.claims.bypass_limits: false
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 50
ftbutilities.chat.formatting: true
ftbutilities.chat.nickname.colors: true
ftbutilities.chat.nickname.set: true
ftbutilities.chat.speak: true
ftbutilities.chat.text.color: white
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: <{name}>
ftbutilities.leaderboard: true
ftbutilities.badge: https://i.imgur.com/sFgXLdg.png

[admin]
parent: player
power: 100
default_op_rank: true
command: true
ftbutilities: true
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: <&4{name}&r>
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 30000
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 30000
ftbutilities.claims.bypass_limits: true
